README.md, before:

# masterpassword-chrome
Master Password implemented as a Chrome extension

This is a chrome extension implementing the masterpassword algorithm invented by Maarten Billemont. You can visit his website at [masterpasswordapp.com](http://masterpasswordapp.com). 

**Please note that this plugin is not affiliated with Mr Billemont**

The site settings will sync between your chrome installations if you have chrome sync enabled. (also in incognito)

# Installation
Chrome prefers extensions to be installed from the chrome web store. While this extension is not available there (pending) It has to be installed manually
* Download the crx file from the releases page and save it somewhere convenient
* Open the chrome exensions setting [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) and drag the file over it. On current versions of chrome you'll have to enable developer mode (tick box upper right corner of the extensions settings)

# Incognito mode
Exensions are by default prevented from running in incognito mode. You can allow the masterpassword exension in by visiting the [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) exension settings and check the box.

# Changing the site name
Many sites (like google) have localized url's (google.de, google.co.uk etc). It is recommended that you use the global (ie google.com) as the site name in such cases.

When you first open masterpassword on a localized domain, that domain will be suggested in masterpassword. You can change this. It will be remembered for your next visit.

If you have several accounts at a domain, it is suggested to prefix the site name with something like "username@" (ie myself@google.com). The site name in masterpassword will change to a dropdown if you have multiple variants.


## About Master Password
The Master Password algorithm was made up by Maarten Billemont and is documented on his website http://www.masterpasswordapp.com. This is an unofficial implementation of his algorithm. I am in no way affiliated with aforementioned website.

Commit message:

readme.md: released on google store

README.md, after:

# masterpassword-chrome
Master Password implemented as a Chrome extension

This is a chrome extension implementing the masterpassword algorithm invented by Maarten Billemont. You can visit his website at [masterpasswordapp.com](http://masterpasswordapp.com). 

**Please note that this plugin is not affiliated with Mr Billemont**

The site settings will sync between your chrome installations if you have chrome sync enabled. (also in incognito)

# Installation

Find the extension at in the appstore [here](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/masterpassword-for-chrome/hifbblnjfcimjnlhibannjoclibgedmd?hl=en-US&gl=US)

or download from the [releases page](https://github.com/ttyridal/masterpassword-chrome/releases) and:
* Open the chrome exensions setting [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) and drag the file over it. On current versions of chrome you'll have to enable developer mode (tick box upper right corner of the extensions settings)

# Incognito mode
Exensions are by default prevented from running in incognito mode. You can allow the masterpassword exension in by visiting the [chrome://extensions/](chrome://extensions/) exension settings and check the box.

# Changing the site name
Many sites (like google) have localized url's (google.de, google.co.uk etc). It is recommended that you use the global (ie google.com) as the site name in such cases.

When you first open masterpassword on a localized domain, that domain will be suggested in masterpassword. You can change this. It will be remembered for your next visit.

If you have several accounts at a domain, it is suggested to prefix the site name with something like "username@" (ie myself@google.com). The site name in masterpassword will change to a dropdown if you have multiple variants.


## About Master Password
The Master Password algorithm was made up by Maarten Billemont and is documented on his website http://www.masterpasswordapp.com. This is an unofficial implementation of his algorithm. I am in no way affiliated with aforementioned website.
